V Cube Software: Okay, let's start.
V Cube Software: That's the same thing. Hmm.
V Cube Software: He was previously
sharing. Yes.
V Cube Software: voice wings in the Sai Kumar. Likid
V Cube Software: soar a table, is
V Cube Software: it is stone, Midnard.
V Cube Software: It fruits better and good, or vegetables better, and render food balance all the way. Same on the food. Yes, is a concept any server. So yes.
V Cube Software: So make good 3 server tonight.
V Cube Software: Turner. Go.
V Cube Software: sir. He moves around the Cpi. Application to format application to install in spit cooler.
V Cube Software: Yes.
V Cube Software: first person up the second person.
V Cube Software: Iran and Zebra. Lay the load distributor.
Little it is, and automatically
V Cube Software: butcher and pundit. He is over time. Law hang out to the hangout
V Cube Software: intend balance. Yes, 3 types application balancer.
V Cube Software: network, load, balancer, and then gateway, load, balancer, gateway, load balancer may research in application, attain network, load, balancer, integer. Yes, we have 3 types of load balances
V Cube Software: anytime. Sunday. 3 types.
V Cube Software: one application load balancer.
V Cube Software: Lord Bellenson
V Cube Software: Network. Load well and, sir.
V Cube Software: and then gateway. Load balancer.
V Cube Software: Anyway. Load balancer is free type flow. We are going to discuss about network, load, balancer and application, and then I'm leaving. It is to you it may go with, I can help you.
V Cube Software: So any server server, no money. Diagram, loop, 3 servers, e. The web server, one.
V Cube Software: The web server, 2, 80 web server 3. So load balancer, demos. When the first person ever in the hitches the daily gravity.
V Cube Software: first, second, person, third person, third. Yes.
V Cube Software: So let's see this.
V Cube Software: So go back.
V Cube Software: go back.
V Cube Software: So he only he rented service from a terminal. I mean that 100. Yes, no, no.
V Cube Software: So I'm going to launch Mudu Sarbalu, Oksar launch. Item, Elijah at the same time. Security group, Niagara, Jalajab at the same time, user data and danger. Yep.
V Cube Software: man security group launch user data and dental.
V Cube Software: So click on launch, instance.
V Cube Software: if for the vaccine, you say only you want to use here some. Yes, so for a change, we are going to use the
V Cube Software: I'm an online X Ikra
V Cube Software: with incredible.
V Cube Software: That's a lot better. Day
V Cube Software: number of incidents in Antigua. So first thing, and any number of instances tolerant, and the number of insects have diverted.
V Cube Software: Can you grind me?
V Cube Software: P. 2 microphones? So pen file. So Webster and Penfold desktop and so Pemfi is 90 Webinar and Pemfin. I don't have the web server, and you can send anything label. So what I need to do is
V Cube Software: so for the amount of Mv. And the next step we have a
V Cube Software: 4 Pm. 4 PMP. Penfold. Me. Very good. Next come down.
V Cube Software: So network mirror, edit, network image, Ecuada subnet. So one B, this coordinator. this kind of kindergarten create security group and can be sooner.
V Cube Software: Is it? DC,
V Cube Software: my hyphen, 5 PM.
V Cube Software: Iphone s. 3 and a security group.
V Cube Software: Yes, indigenous.
V Cube Software: Add Security Group group.
V Cube Software: I'm done.
V Cube Software: Custom Dcp. so Port Brains Adnan alternately.
V Cube Software: Web. sarwar
V Cube Software: board member
V Cube Software: and friendly ad, so you can in email. Just call it port number Adam. Yes, come down
V Cube Software: advanced. So Grati advanced. Kochega.
V Cube Software: economic user data can be so much.
V Cube Software: You yes, I could go jfk.
V Cube Software: the initiative and Japan. And you know.
V Cube Software: Pluro. iphone 9, and then Vm update. And then. yeah, install
V Cube Software: engineers
V Cube Software: hyphen white.
V Cube Software: So in the user data. Yes. I'm not.
V Cube Software: So you can only launch instance already. Instance, only launch. Instance.
V Cube Software: okay, C, Adr range 0, 0,
V Cube Software: just come down.
V Cube Software: Launch, instance.
V Cube Software: click on instances. Indian since Lange. So the Indian name changes. Yesuntano. web server, one
V Cube Software: web server, 2.
V Cube Software: Web server, 3.
V Cube Software: So both are running. I'll name or run. I'll click, connect.
V Cube Software: copy
V Cube Software: escape. You've to Poland so close this
show. More options.
V Cube Software: CD,
V Cube Software: okay, one drive.
V Cube Software: one drive.
V Cube Software: Good.
V Cube Software: Hello. TV, this probe. Hello. Oh. increase the font size. Now, what we need to do connect to this server.
V Cube Software: I'm mute.
V Cube Software: Okay.
V Cube Software: an action time, Node.
V Cube Software: Sorry. It's my bad. Just give me a second.
V Cube Software: Admit this. First
go somewhere else.
V Cube Software: Launch, instance
web protocol.
V Cube Software: Settle up
V Cube Software: line Xml on line X, and then key Paris.
V Cube Software: 5 PM.
V Cube Software: FM. Create new Vpip
V Cube Software: make it as 3.
V Cube Software: I think it has 3,
V Cube Software: one e, one B. Where is one E one year? Yes, one year.
V Cube Software: Come down
V Cube Software: my iphone, 5 pm.
Iphone L. 3.
V Cube Software: I'm not
just directly. Come down.
V Cube Software: Details come no
hash. Rash
guys.
V Cube Software: Pseudo, hyphenate.
V Cube Software: Vm, install
V Cube Software: engineings.
V Cube Software: Hi, fan, right.
V Cube Software: Go little bit up
security group. Yes.
V Cube Software: Enable. Okay, okay, everything is good.
Launch. Instance.
V Cube Software: you put that to the journalist.
So copy the Ch. MoD. 400.
V Cube Software: So go here.
V Cube Software: Okay. Before this, I want to chain these
name for the server
V Cube Software: once
V Cube Software: 2
V Cube Software: and then 3, save it
V Cube Software: first and vaguci. Connect me the body. Connect as a search.
V Cube Software: 5 Pm. And then come here. Hurry!
V Cube Software: I'm mute faces.
V Cube Software: and the
V Cube Software: why, yes, yes.
V Cube Software: CLEA. R. Clear
V Cube Software: Kuru hyphenate.
V Cube Software: Yes.
V Cube Software: CD, flash user flash
V Cube Software: here slash. index, flash.
V Cube Software: HTML Indonesian angelics. Already install this. And now the Instagram installerics and and slobochime. So if index of xml can be sooner
V Cube Software: autumn. I and the index dot HTML primozi's. Yes.
V Cube Software: So unless BI index dot hdml.
V Cube Software: insert this is
V Cube Software: Hi. that's hello one.
V Cube Software: Okay.
V Cube Software: now, as far as the system. Cpl
V Cube Software: restart.
V Cube Software: And the next.
V Cube Software: okay, CD, enter. So what is the port number student of the Security group? First time each and second time in China, Gibraltar.
V Cube Software: So kind of guarantee I need inbound rules.
V Cube Software: Add rule, custom. Tcp. Old memories. 8 0. And then
V Cube Software: no save rules.
V Cube Software: Go back
V Cube Software: well-being. Well, by
V Cube Software: copy. The public. IP.
V Cube Software: I'm mute. The index one is table emit, and
Jason
V Cube Software: first time. India is the yes and all of candy disease web server, only opponent. This is web server, one another. second time, interest in, and local web server, 2 locally, third time interest in local, fourth percent registered in our valley.
V Cube Software: Cool. Go here.
V Cube Software: go back.
V Cube Software: and then this correct come down. Copy this.
V Cube Software: I did
V Cube Software: paste this and the
V Cube Software: why, yes, yes.
V Cube Software: pseudo hyphen
V Cube Software: clearly, clear.
V Cube Software: Okay. CD, flash
V Cube Software: U.S.A. flash, share, flash, Internet.
V Cube Software: dash, HTML, yeah. Look installing the engine's user. Data. Archetype. Yes.
V Cube Software: Ellis. autumn. Intense dot HTML. Oh, yes. VI index dot HTML. Oh, insert
V Cube Software: this is mine
V Cube Software: web server.
V Cube Software: That's Sara
escape 50 bullets. Perfect
V Cube Software: system. Cdl
V Cube Software: good. Please start
V Cube Software: Hendricks
V Cube Software: and the can be so. Yes, sir, Security group. We may be mature.
V Cube Software: My hypn. 5 Pm. Security Group anchor, are they? So? Ok. But can I plug a link. So we just go back.
V Cube Software: Hello, indoor.
V Cube Software: Yes, if you need a Sanande
V Cube Software: public, I mean the Spanish technology.
V Cube Software: hey, Stacey? 8 0. And he put web server, 1 one to one
V Cube Software: to. So it is not our budget.
V Cube Software: So let's go here.
V Cube Software: Copy this.
V Cube Software: So connect
V Cube Software: Ssh.
V Cube Software: copy it. I'm mute.
Exit
V Cube Software: exit.
V Cube Software: Let's face it here
and
V Cube Software: yes.
Okay.
V Cube Software: Yep. Poodle hyphenate
series. Slash user.
V Cube Software: That's it. Flash unix slash. HTML
V Cube Software: less
V Cube Software: autumn
V Cube Software: index. Dot. HTML,
V Cube Software: yes.
V Cube Software: Hello.
V Cube Software: EI
V Cube Software: index dot
vegetables.
V Cube Software: Okay. Next, disease.
V Cube Software: fine
V Cube Software: web server. Pete.
V Cube Software: some cdl.
V Cube Software: restart
V Cube Software: and the links.
V Cube Software: So just go back.
V Cube Software: Copy this.
V Cube Software: What is this? This is my web server one. This is my web. Server 2. This is my web server. 3. So load balancer. Yes, so
V Cube Software: can you, Randy.
V Cube Software: so create target group
V Cube Software: incense. Ip address incense and incense along Chandi.
V Cube Software: So load balancer, get default, protocol, end a Http. Then the port number is 80.
V Cube Software: I'm done.
V Cube Software: or get a group.
V Cube Software: So click on. Next
V Cube Software: to Target group name is
V Cube Software: 5 pm. Different targeted books.
V Cube Software: So click on next. Yes, and once, you know, target. Yes, Naguo. so and so, and and so. This is Target group. You are making available instance into
V Cube Software: target group, including pending, pending loan and target. Sv. Instance, Buddha.
V Cube Software: peaceful and Japan, and then created algorithms. It moves around and target Tesla and gay servers in a thousand label.
V Cube Software: Once you created a target group.
V Cube Software: are you able to see load balances. click on load balancer. create load balancer.
V Cube Software: So you know, application
V Cube Software: application load balance of the network load balance run data, just
V Cube Software: network entity of a specific network field. Only one of the obligations with Danny network load, balancer
V Cube Software: application load balance in a different integer. CD, application.
V Cube Software: The Ector network.
V Cube Software: So application, mode well and
V Cube Software: but network contain so for the VPN. So you see, as a connectivity and a secure laundry network code by the Uss. Code.
V Cube Software: So application, load, balance, revenue, or and revenue generate our and secure revenue genetics and implemented. Employer employment. So most of employee.
V Cube Software: rapid omega. One will be
V Cube Software: so if you put on the Ernie's Nanasiki employment is soon at the same time employs Thejudas.
V Cube Software: I think commission is pruned. and then same time restaurant is due to commission.
V Cube Software: So yeah, I mean, good. Application load balancer can give us.
So let's click on application. Load balancer.
hey? Today.
V Cube Software: I put on the
V Cube Software: so network. Load balancer, for example, and time blow
V Cube Software: VPN id on the VPN. Window security office network.
V Cube Software: Come down
V Cube Software: so load balancer, be name and D,
V Cube Software: so my iphone 5 Pm.
V Cube Software: Hyphen
V Cube Software: load BLA. And Cn. Balancer.
V Cube Software: I'm No.
V Cube Software: So Usc. Is to one yellow at the same time.
V Cube Software: Us is to one below and need to create shadow and and then a Cuta Security group, Manone Security group put to the the manual. So Danubura.
V Cube Software: please quoting next kind of Chaga
V Cube Software: target group in the king radiation, a target group in attacking
V Cube Software: and then create a load balancer
V Cube Software: in load. Well, in our Creator. You have to give Banagi. You put the IP address of bangle Dns and rosary to business.
V Cube Software: Indigenous.
V Cube Software: What we came to know.
V Cube Software: But sunday
V Cube Software: load balance. Runa. Another getting granted. Click on my 5 Pm. Load balancer economic with the
V Cube Software: Dns Dns name. Yes, in the provisioning on the available in the
he loves our local male. Yeah. Melody eponym
V Cube Software: mean of the Japanese la system, nari gadu. So on game. Okay? The melody. Yep. And Japan
V Cube Software: Japanese speak to the depending on the military opinion
V Cube Software: mail. And yeah, some email copy. You see. group of attendees under access. Yes, the Emos
V Cube Software: audio
V Cube Software: in mine.
V Cube Software: SE. Double DII,
V Cube Software: copi Krishna. 2 weeks on
V Cube Software: who ate 7. If it is
V Cube Software: email.com.
V Cube Software: it's been
V Cube Software: active. So copy this. So come here.
V Cube Software: paste it
V Cube Software: alright
V Cube Software: in this sender.
V Cube Software: So Ibraini Santander.
V Cube Software: just see the copy id
V Cube Software: place changing and about ending.
You want Shinati
V Cube Software: next to
V Cube Software: so okay in the Google
V Cube Software: so hits a server. One goes. Yes.
V Cube Software: So you put a meeting and listen to the Mealachina. You see, Google have been under access chain of
V Cube Software: under the same loads are correct under the same different, different different jubica
V Cube Software: meeting. And it's gonna yeah, but 111 missilee access case, double meeting and misery
V Cube Software: for the money. 2. Gunpisity. But the money is 3 gun pesadi under you, one another, but
V Cube Software: 3, 2, one nag, one
V Cube Software: the follow on earnestly.
V Cube Software: 3 or chin, and so 2, and the one again so tally in the American one, and and and so loaded in barren house in the government to one router.
V Cube Software: is it, dear? Yes.
V Cube Software: So you just take a diagram of Surrey.
V Cube Software: So yeah, but so many indulse in the.
V Cube Software: So we need web Server Sunday
V Cube Software: people who ever, and the first person in jest number 2, dineikari. Second person. India is number 2, Dina, third person, Ngos. Number 2,
V Cube Software: first pair, and the hate chess are a word, one for the money to put the money in 3 eruptions.
V Cube Software: so Ella can principle. It is a good idea. Yes, either load and in balance among the way. But auto scaling and dentist
V Cube Software: road balance right in auto scaling and ending. So auto scaling, which is normally a matter of
V Cube Software: you don't table so second.
V Cube Software: right. Nabo. Moves are well known, and
V Cube Software: Equator 3 servers, and do, where is Kunda?
V Cube Software: Sail Victor?
V Cube Software: I mean the sale sale. Yes.
V Cube Software: each other capacity 70% that in the
V Cube Software: now go incurable may launch him on jeopardy, none of auto scaling me. And then, yeah, incorrect Sarah and Nangarhu
V Cube Software: minimum number of Servers. Maximum number of servers and minimume in the desired number of servers maintained yesterday. Ali in the traffic, low in agony. Minimum server, but maximum number of servers, low CPU percentage service.
V Cube Software: Yes, let's see this.
V Cube Software: So first A and Amazon machine.
V Cube Software: Yes, let's do this.
V Cube Software: Hello, government. Just dashboard of a link. Instance running loans together. One. This pony launch, instance.
V Cube Software: sorry
V Cube Software: actions, locally
V Cube Software: images create image.
V Cube Software: hi. web server, one and 2.
V Cube Software: And then
I'm not
V Cube Software: create emailing. Minute click.
V Cube Software: create image eclipses that images a Mi's and Amazon mission image enters, and the the available coaching Naga. Great charity
V Cube Software: replace it along the bending stage. So wait until it is going to come.
Alright.
Okay.
V Cube Software: I go to E.
V Cube Software: So then there are the indeserante
load of artists killing punchy auto scaling duplicate. Just give me 2 min, the available granny, and
V Cube Software: next to storage ebs. Here.
V Cube Software: Professor R. Ds riparto.
V Cube Software: 10 min.
10 min.
V Cube Software: It's really
V Cube Software: create an auto spilling group, auto, spilling group name and D,
it is a little bit funny.
V Cube Software: My hyphen. 5 pm.
V Cube Software: Sorry.
V Cube Software: Pm. Ivan auto.
V Cube Software: I'm known.
V Cube Software: Create a launch template.
V Cube Software: So template name is my hybrid. 5 Pm. And
V Cube Software: beep. Beep template.
V Cube Software: So same my hyphen. 5 pm. 3, 3.
V Cube Software: I'm not
V Cube Software: so my Amis. So owned by me.
V Cube Software: So web server one. I'm No.
V Cube Software: The T. 2 micro key bear can be 5 Pm.
V Cube Software: And then this can be anything at work. And then Security Group. If you want, you can create our attach. But I don't want to do anything that come down
V Cube Software: and then
V Cube Software: launch
template.
V Cube Software: So once you launch the template.
V Cube Software: Now to refresh the template name is 5 Vm. Tp. Template, and which another attach this
V Cube Software: default
V Cube Software: click on next. So Vpc. Is already there. So availability zones.
V Cube Software: So one a and then one b 2 availability zones.
V Cube Software: and then come down. Click on next.
V Cube Software: No load balancer, or if you want. You can attach a existing load. Balancer. Our existing load balancer is
V Cube Software: I'm Yup
V Cube Software: 5 vm. Tp, 5 vm. Badge
V Cube Software: this. Come down.
V Cube Software: Come down so
I'll make it as
V Cube Software: 100 s. Health check every 100 s. Key for this, however, health check. We check. Js Kumi. This come down click on next.
V Cube Software: So a crab desired capacity, minimum capacity. Same on Dalai. So any service we took minimum, any service on Dali
V Cube Software: Andy. 3 maximum.
V Cube Software: 7 or 5 5 is good. Number. Okay, 5.
V Cube Software: Sorry minimum is 3 only. And then maximum is 5.
V Cube Software: I'm done.
V Cube Software: Target scaling. Crossing. You put a Scalea valley in purple perigalies.
V Cube Software: If you are
V Cube Software: target tracking policy, average CPU utilization like a third server. CPU utilization.
V Cube Software: 70 crossing, though
V Cube Software: 70 s forced our launch hour on.
V Cube Software: Then you create just now. Yes.
V Cube Software: next
V Cube Software: create. Next.
V Cube Software: come down, create
V Cube Software: correct. So in probably 2 min long again you said about Stal Ali. You've already thrown it.
V Cube Software: Every load balancer. We have only 3 governing minimum reach a maximum 5, which of oxygen
V Cube Software: wait here.
V Cube Software: The load bands are created in the auto spilling create in the
V Cube Software: so click on auto scaling.
V Cube Software: That's good
V Cube Software: other than the one type, one type, one 1 s.
V Cube Software: So auto scaling create auto spelling. So my iphone 5 Pm.
V Cube Software: oh, no
V Cube Software: autosculic
V Cube Software: if yes. I'm done.
V Cube Software: Launch template 5 PMDP.
V Cube Software: Click on next
V Cube Software: availability zone, one a one B,
next
V Cube Software: more load balancer attached, and to an existing load balancer. and then attach a new load. Balancer. So no load, balancer, no Vpcs. So within 100 s, yes.
V Cube Software: come next design capacity is 3
V Cube Software: Riman 3, and then Maximus. But you're putting this Ali target is if the percentage is more than 70,
V Cube Software: if 70% dollars are 1,000 s from day. It's a warm up.
V Cube Software: So that's fine. I think you will listen. So create a
V Cube Software: next create. Next. can we go check next. can come down.
V Cube Software: create auto spelling group.
V Cube Software: So you put an auto scaling group created in the improvement, and the same again, easy to install and be des Andi
V Cube Software: minimum. And the maximum and the 5
V Cube Software: April automatic and we have the fee
V Cube Software: any service
V Cube Software: desired and the antenna we call against any maintained memory desired at the tree. So you terminate chase with termite hours already.
V Cube Software: Server one
V Cube Software: server, and do
V Cube Software: 103.
So these are not done by clearly.
V Cube Software: Yes, threeya
V Cube Software: instance alumni. It will look for 100 s, and it is immediately going to launch the server.
V Cube Software: So 100 s avalanche
V Cube Software: so, and the game one again. So load balancer number 3, auto scale, only 5. Let's see. Wait for a couple more minutes
V Cube Software: 100 s of early.
V Cube Software: So let's are you fish? What Isabella Ranad? Namali? Yes.
V Cube Software: TV auto scaling and then load, embrace them and load automatic a pencil and gravity cooperative picture to load automatic appenching.
V Cube Software: So load automated penciling numbering, we have to go with
V Cube Software: that many days a day to be checked out.
V Cube Software: So auto scaling, load balance and render, oh, can encounter doubts? And Miko okay, good permanent delivery challenge integranding. Then we'll launch in the auto, scaling auto scaling globally.
V Cube Software: Ikra. My 5 Pm. Is auto spelling Rupander and DC. Deli chaini ikra DLED deliber
V Cube Software: click, change it.
V Cube Software: So improve any dashboard that you're running.
V Cube Software: Can you read another name?
V Cube Software: Automated Terminator. Internation abimali Lavinka? Yes, next.
V Cube Software: Lord balance a granting target group and
V Cube Software: target. Group me in subilitating.
V Cube Software: Yes, delete.
V Cube Software: so Villageailer and the good Lord balance on the governing. So Lord Valenti.
V Cube Software: in the click, chamber load variants are running, actions are running. Then it load balancer and then
V Cube Software: cool icon delete
V Cube Software: successfully deleted target groups.
V Cube Software: actions deleted.
V Cube Software: Did it
V Cube Software: so improve
V Cube Software: dashboard locality
V Cube Software: it really 1, 2, 3,
V Cube Software: Nick.
V Cube Software: so! And this.